Adapt readme (#93)
seqan/sharg-parser: README.md

        While being logged in into Codecov, navigate to Settings->Badge and copy the markdown badge.
        Copy the URL part of the markdown badge here.
-->
[codecov_link]: https://codecov.io/gh/seqan/sharg-parser

[copy_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD-green.svg "Open Copyright page"
<!--
    This is the Copyright badge link:
        `"Open Copyright page"` - this text will be shown on hover
-->
[copy_link]: https://sharg.vercel.app/usr/html/about_copyright.html

[api_badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-linux%20%7C%20bsd%20%7C%20osx-informational.svg "Read more about our API"
<!--
    This is the API badge link:
        Redirects to seqan's copyright page.
        `"Read more about our API"` - this text will be shown on hover
-->
[api_link]: https://sharg.vercel.app/usr/html/about_api.html

[twitter_badge]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/SeqAnLib.svg?label=follow&style=social "Follow us on Twitter"
<!--
    This is the API badge link:
        Redirects to seqan's copyright page.
        `"Follow us on Twitter"` - this text will be shown on hover
-->
[twitter_link]: https://twitter.com/seqanlib

> The Sharg argument parser offers a neat and easy-to-use library for argument parsing with C++. With sharg your command
> line interface can be customized to your specific needs and validated in a single line. Futhermore, the library provides
> helpful templates and makes even subcommanding feel effortless. For more information, details and a tutorial on how to
> use our features, please see our [online documentation](https://sharg.vercel.app/usr/html/index.html).
> 
> If you are working in the field of sequence analysis, we recommend to use the
> [seqan3 library](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3), which does not only contain sharg, but also offers a wide range of
> bioinformatics related C++ features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sharg argument parser offers a neat and easy-to-use library for argument parsing with C++. With Sharg your command
line interface can be customized to your specific needs and validated in a single line. Furthermore, the library provides
helpful templates and makes even subcommands feel effortless. For more information, details, and a tutorial on how to
use our features, please see our [online documentation](https://sharg.vercel.app/usr/html/index.html).

If you are working in the field of sequence analysis, we recommend using the
[SeqAn3 library](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3), which does not only contain Sharg, but also offers a wide range of
bioinformatics related C++ features.
```

-->
[6]: https://codecov.io/gh/seqan/sharg-parser

[7]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD-green.svg "Open Copyright page"
<!--
    This is the Copyright badge link:
        `"Open Copyright page"` - this text will be shown on hover
-->
[8]: https://sharg.vercel.app/usr/html/about_copyright.html

> [9]: https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-linux%20%7C%20bsd%20%7C%20osx-informational.svg "Read more about our API"

Reviewer 2: Why are all these links added and not used? [7] - [12]
It seems to me like it was intended to add the badges to the top (line 2).

Author: > In general, why are we naming the links just as numbers? I saw this in the seqan3 repository as well. You can name the links stuff like: [vercel_badge], [vercel_website], etc. It is more readable in my opition and it would prevent some errors, like the one with the [7] and [8] here.
> 
> Otherwise, nice README! :)

I have no idea, why we only use links as numbers, your proposal makes more sense. :)

<!--
    This is the API badge link:
        Redirects to seqan's copyright page.
        `"Read more about our API"` - this text will be shown on hover
-->
[10]: https://sharg.vercel.app/usr/html/about_api.html

[11]: https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/SeqAnLib.svg?label=follow&style=social "Follow us on Twitter"
<!--
    This is the API badge link:
        Redirects to seqan's copyright page.
        `"Follow us on Twitter"` - this text will be shown on hover
-->
[12]: https://twitter.com/seqanlib

The Sharg argument parser offers a neat and easy-to-use library for argument parsing with C++. With sharg your

> input/output can be validated in a single line, can be customized to your specific needs while providing helpful templates

Reviewer 2: The second sentence might need a rephrasing. It is a bit hard to read and I am not sure if it works grammatically.

> With sharg your IO can be (...), can be (...) and makes even subcommanding feel effortless

Reviewer 2: Also in the second text block:
"which not only contains sharg" -> "which does not only contain sharg"
I don't know why, but this sounds better to me

and makes even subcommanding feel effortless. For more information, details and a tutorial on how to use our features,
please see our [online documentation](https://sharg.vercel.app/usr/html/index.html).

If you are working in the field of sequence analysis, we recommend to use the

> [seqan3 library](https://github.com/seqan/seqan3), which not only contains sharg, but also offers a wide range of bio

Reviewer 2: bio C++ features -> bioinformatics related C++ features?
